If he had been obedient and left the palace,
he wouldn’t have ended up like this.
Each consort has her own way of handling things.
He framed you first.
He got what he deserved.
This is something the Emperor specially sent over yesterday.
From the Inner Court.
Sister Shu, do you want to throw it away?
The Emperor almost wronged you because he believed malicious gossip.
You’re in a bad mood.
This... this neck lock,
is it really necessary?
Ah, keep it.
We’ll take it out when you’re in a better mood.
Yuan,
the Empress Dowager’s birthday banquet is approaching.
Go to the Medical Bureau.
Have them prepare some new clothes.
Ah.
Hey.
Is this Consort Yan?
Now she’s a palace consort.
Not bad, keep up the good work.
In a little while,
it will be the Empress Dowager’s birthday banquet.
At the Empress Dowager’s birthday banquet,
Princess Loulan had an accident.
Then Loulan rebelled.
Although the dog emperor defeated Loulan,
there was
a plague afterwards.
So,
the root of all this is still
Princess Loulan.
This time, we must prevent it in advance,
otherwise,
the common people will suffer.
Your Majesty, regarding the previous matter,
they said they couldn’t make clothes for the consorts.
You’ll have to figure it out yourself.
They dare to refuse to work.